DESCRIPTION OF THE PROBLEM
A group of investors are exploring the possibility of opening an Izakaya in the suburbs east of Philadelphia. While they know the characteristics of the ideal town or neighborhood, they are having difficulty identifying the optimal location.

DISCUSSION OF THE BACKGROUND
An izakaya is a type of Japanese restaurant that is often compared to a pub. Both are convivial places for people to get together after work, have a drink, and socialize. The food, however, is quite different. Some izakaya serve sushi, but they are best known for grilled meats, shellfish, and homestyle snacks served in small portions. Izakaya are usually in smaller venues, where patrons stand two or three rows back from a service counter with limited seating. Some upscale izakaya will have a second room with tatami (floor mat) seating, where larger groups can congregate around short tables. This type of restaurant is seldom found in the United States, but a group of investors are betting that it would strongly appeal to young, white collar professionals.
Due to its proximity to Philadelphia and because of local tax incentives, the investors wish to establish their new business in Camden County, New Jersey.  This area consists of mostly suburban commuter towns known locally as bedroom communities. As of 2020, an estimated 508,000 people reside in Camden County. Some of the more significant towns and boroughs in Camden County are on the PATCO Hi-Speedline, a subway / elevated train that connects residents to Center City, Philadelphia’s commercial hub in 10-30 minutes.
The investors have developed a profile of their modal customer: 21-35 years old; college educated; likes lesser-known foreign cuisines (e.g. Ethiopian, Afghan, Laotian, Korean); and goes out for drinks after work. They do not, however, have a more specific idea of where their new business should be. They agree that the izakaya should be in a location that (1) has a high concentration of restaurants with ethnic cuisines; (2) is close to the PATCO Hi-Speedline; and (3) has a bar scene. This is where an analysis of the towns of Camden County can be useful. 
